Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what I'm going to do in this lecture is if we don't have any item in our cards, then we're going
to need to display the cards into screen else.
If we do have item in our cards, then we're just going to display the item just like this.
Okay.
They know that to do this, they're going to need to go back to Our Vinci Code and then the cards screen.
And now we can then use control and be in order to make this white.
Okay.
Not to do this.
We're going to just go to the scaffold.
Okay.
Scattered.
Now, rather than do some check everything on the scorecards provider.
That's.
Gets carts, I-10 that is not empty.
That is, if we do have an item in our cards, then they are going to return this.
That is displaying the cuts item products.
Okay.
Now, house revenue go down to this covered.
How's it going to happen at this Catholic?
Right.
As we want to say body then.
Cards, empty screen that says we do not have any item in our carts.
Okay.
Now read is going to need two hearts.
We start this.
Hard to start this.
Okay.
Now go check it out.
You can see it is going to take some time to refresh the app.
Okay.
Now go check it out.
You can see currently we don't have any cards item.
Right.
Okay, now let's go and had one.
Okay.
We condense.
Now go back.
Okay.
Now you can see we do not have.
It cuts, I think, as all of our year.
You can have a scarf as you can have an arbor if you want.
As you can see, a bar.
A bar.
And the safe harbor for this hot item if you want, a chemist would get rid of this.
Okay.
This country, this.
Remember this item?
We already created the design for it.
So we are just simply calling it that most of the time you to need to go over the lectures 2 to 5 times
and that's on my site and understand how everything works.
Okay.
You can see where they have the design over here, right?
This is an image you're seeing and your cards, it's empty and the font size is $30.
Y is very big and that is all the fonts with this board.
Okay.
You can see the shop now, but in as well, I think you saw it.
So we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
You can see it now, right?
I think this should be hard for the cards screen.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see in the next picture.